how to write news articles in a nutshell
I want to talk to you about writing
better news articles blogs and press
releases and I want you to remember
three basic principles be relevant write
powerful headlines be original what do I
mean by relevance get attention by
building your articles around the
interests ambitions and challenges of
your target audience and always ask one
basic question why would anybody read
this think too about the business
results you want to achieve how does
each article help you get their
headlines
well as David Ogilvy said when you've
written your headline you've spent 80
cents out of your dollar that should
tell you just how important they are so
if you find good headlines hard to write
will be pleased with yourself it shows
that you understand just how important
they are your headline has one purpose
to grab the attention of the specific
people you really want to read your
content it has to tell them this article
is for you you're going to discover
something of value and this will be a
productive use of your time
see now buy headlines are more than just
an afterthought and finally be original
if all your articles offer is the same
information that people can see
elsewhere why would they want to read
more of your content what's your unique
point of view understand your target
audience and interpret the news in a way
that's relevant to them yes that's a bit
more work but that's what will bring
them back to your content time and again
so remember those three basic principles
be relevant write powerful headlines be
original you should then get a much
better return on the time you invest in
your articles